thank you so much to everybody for
joining us
today for our ipfs meetup of our first
edition of 2021 y'all we made it through
2020 that alone
is an achievement and there's all sorts
of cool stuff
to share with you today a quick
introduction next slide if you do not
mind that is me my name is jessica
showing my pronouns or she and her
i am part of the ipfs ipfs
web browsers and gui working group
pleased to join you today from sunny
boulder colorado
next slide please we have a few
bits of administrative and courtesy
reminders that we want to go over before
we get started we are
totally thrilled that you were here
which is absolutely wonderful thank you
for taking time out of your busy day
especially on a friday
saturday a couple of things that we want
to go over before we start
it is very important to remember that
this event does abide by the ipfs
community code of conduct as does
everything else that happens at ipfs we
take this super seriously
because we enjoy being good humans and
enjoying kind of the humans around us
there is a link to the code of conduct
from our wonderful jen turner in the
chat if you want to click through
that if you have any questions at any
point
just drop them in the actually we're
using the chat box today we don't have a
separate q a box today so just drop them
in the chat
and somebody will get back to you um
we'll answer
questions in sort of an asynchronous
manner after presentations if you have
questions about an individual
presenter's
topic also you can check out all kinds
of other good things on our ipfs youtube
page including past events like this one
past
meetups as well as many of our working
group working sessions and
tutorials lectures all sorts of other
good stuff so it's super super cool
that link is also in the chat and if you
watch today's meetup and it inspires you
and you want to give
a talk whether it's a detailed talk or a
lightning talk something short and sweet
we would love to have you uh super easy
to get that ball rolling just email
ipfs-community
dot a i and someone will get right back
in touch with you to chat about
scheduling and all that so we have a
super great agenda for you today
next slide please i will show you
so uh first up we've got a 2021
planning update from the ipfs core team
specifically the wonderful david choi
and khadir tapal here to talk about some
of the good things that are going to be
going on in 2021 and how our planning is
rolling along
after that we have a talk from dr ian
preston
about paragus the private web following
on from
that victor from humanoid is going to be
talking with us about human beings as a
trust layer on top of ipfs
and we'll be wrapping up the main
portion of our meetup today
with matt wisniewski talking about
decentralized peer-to-peer
communications he's coming at us
talking about vault 74. so without any
further ado
i will hand things over to david and
kadir to talk about ipfs planning